Que(11) Can we apply Binary search algorithm to a sorted Linked list?
Ans=Yes, Binary search is possible on the linked list if the list is sorted and you know the count of elements in list.

Que(12) When can you tell that a Memory Leak will occur?
Ans=Memory leak occurs when programmers create a memory in heap and forget to delete it.
Memory leaks are particularly serious issues for programs like daemons and servers which by definition never terminate.

Que(13) How will you check if a given Binary Tree is a Binary Search Tree or not?
Ans=A Binary Search Tree (BST) is a binary tree with the following properties:

The left subtree of a particular node will always contain nodes whose keys are less than that node’s key.

The right subtree of a particular node will always contain nodes with keys greater than that node’s key.

The left and right subtree of a particular node will also, in turn, be binary search trees.

The tree on the right is a BST.


Que(14) Which data structure is ideal to perform recursion operation and why?
Ans=Stack is ideal to perform recursion operation . Because of its LIFO (Last In First Out) property it remembers
 its ‘caller’ so knows whom to return when the function has to return. Recursion makes use of system stack for storing 
the return addresses of the function calls.

Que(15) What are some of the most important applications of a Stack?
Ans=Some of the most important applications of a Stack are as follows :
1) Expression Handling : The stack can be used to convert some infix expression into its postfix equivalent, or prefix 
equivalent. These postfix or prefix notations are used in computers to express some expressions. These expressions 
are not so much familiar to the infix expression, but they have some great advantages also. We do not need to maintain
 operator ordering, and parenthesis. After converting into prefix or postfix notations, we have to evaluate the expression to 
get the result. For that purpose, also we need the help of stack data structure.
2) Backtracking : Backtracking is one of the algorithm designing technique. For that purpose, we dive into some way, if that 
way is not efficient, we come back to the previous state and go into some other paths. To get back from current state, we need
 to store the previous state. For that purpose, we need stack. Some examples of backtracking is finding the solution for Knight
 Tour problem or N-Queen Problem etc.
3) Recursion : Recursion is a process where a function iteratively calls itself until a base case is reached. An example of
 recursion is finding the fatorial of a number.

Que(16) Convert the below given expression to its equivalent Prefix And Postfix notations.
Ans=Expression : a+b*(c^d-e)^(f+g*h)-i
Postfix : abcd^e-fgh*+^*+i-
Prefix : +a-*b^-^cde+f*gh

Que(17)Sorting a stack using a temporary stack.
Ans=To sort a stack using a temporary stack follow the following algorithm :
1) Create a temporary stack say tmpStack.
2) While input stack is NOT empty do this:
	i) Pop an element from input stack call it temp
	ii) while temporary stack is NOT empty and top of temporary stack is greater than temp,
	pop from temporary stack and push it to the input stack
	iii) push temp in temporary stack
3) The sorted numbers are in tmpStack